Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to make our code more concise.
Okay?
Now, what we can do is you can see we have over four tabs over here and they look very much similar.
So what we are going to do is we can extract this.
To do that we need to alight and use control dots and extract widgets and it's asking for the name.
We are going to call this repeated mixture.
It is a capital letter because it's going to be a class.
We can call this repeated.
Repeated.
Tap or click on enter.
Okay.
Now we do not really need this.
We can get rid of it.
And we can just duplicate this theory more times.
Okay.
You can try and save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Now, the issue is the names are same.
Now, what we can do is we can make this dynamic.
To do that, we have to go to the top class.
And over here we are going to create a final variable and it is a type of test or we are expecting the
test.
So it's going to be a type of string and we can call this type two and we have to pass it on to the
constructor and we are going to make this required that this any time we call this repeated tab, we
are going to need to pass the value to the title.
So to do that, we have to say required in this thought title.
You can see in order to make it not required, we could get rid of this and had a question mark over
here to say it can be nor you can see it is not longer really needed.
Okay, we're just going to make this required.
And we have to pass the value.
Okay for this title.
Sorry.
We also do need to get rid of this and pass in that title right here.
Try to.
I'll click on this.
And this is going to say, man.
And tie to this is going to say women, right?
And tie to this is going to say kids.
And finally, tie two and this is going to say shoes.
Okay.
Now it's come true.
And that's the save.
Okay.
And go check this out.
Sounds good, right?
And our code looks more cleaner.
And what you can just do is you can.
You can create a new file and copy and paste this line of code.
You can copy and paste all this rather than having it.
You can just leave it here.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.